OSDOCS#11515:Add MicroShift observability via OTEL integration (#92758)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/microshift-otel-install.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
//  microshift_running_apps/microshift-observability-service.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="microshift-otel-install_{context}"]
= Installing and enabling {microshift-short} Observability

You can install {microshift-short} Observability at any time, including during the initial {microshift-short} installation.

.Procedure
. Install the `microshift-observability` RPM by entering the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----

> $ sudo dnf install microshift-observability -y

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ sudo dnf install microshift-observability
```
I'd suggest removing `-y` for consistency because it's missing also when installing other RPMs

----

> . Enable the `microshift-observability` RPM by entering the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Enable the `microshift-observability` system service by entering the following command:
```

+
[source,terminal]
----
$ sudo systemctl enable microshift-observability
----

> . Start the `microshift-observability` RPM by entering the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Start the `microshift-observability` system service by entering the following command:
```

+
[source,terminal]
----
$ sudo systemctl start microshift-observability
----

[NOTE]
====

> Restart {microshift-short} Observability after the initial installation. No further restarts are required for {microshift-short} Observability configuration changes.

Reviewer 2: We want to restart `microshift` after initial installation and we want to restart microshift-observability any time the config is changed.

Something along this:
```suggestion
Restart {microshift-short} after the initial installation. Changing {microshift-short} Observability configuration requires restart of {microshift-short} Observability, but does not require restart of {microshift-short}.
```
